Style page tree search input (#3400)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/young-coats-tie.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": patch
---

> Adapt styling of the search input icons in `PageSearch` to match the Comet DXP design

Reviewer: `PageSearch` is an internal component. I'd change the changeset to name the feature instead:

```suggestion
Adapt styling of the page tree search input to match the Comet DXP design
```
